00/extra.md, before:

# External Python libraries

External libraries provide additional functionality to python. Most of the time libraries are installed via pip

Example:
```
c:\Users\Downloads>pip install python-docx
Collecting python-docx
  Downloading python_docx-1.1.2-py3-none-any.whl.metadata (2.0 kB)
Collecting lxml>=3.1.0 (from python-docx)
  Downloading lxml-5.3.0-cp313-cp313-win_amd64.whl.metadata (3.9 kB)
Collecting typing-extensions>=4.9.0 (from python-docx)
  Downloading typing_extensions-4.12.2-py3-none-any.whl.metadata (3.0 kB)
Downloading python_docx-1.1.2-py3-none-any.whl (244 kB)
Downloading lxml-5.3.0-cp313-cp313-win_amd64.whl (3.8 MB)
   ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━ 3.8/3.8 MB 20.3 MB/s eta 0:00:00
Downloading typing_extensions-4.12.2-py3-none-any.whl (37 kB)
Installing collected packages: typing-extensions, lxml, python-docx
Successfully installed lxml-5.3.0 python-docx-1.1.2 typing-extensions-4.12.2

[notice] A new release of pip is available: 24.2 -> 24.3.1
[notice] To update, run: python.exe -m pip install --upgrade pip

c:\Users\Downloads>
```
## Handling xml files
to be documented

## Writing docx documents

self study: python-docx

## Writing excel spreadsheets

self study: openpyxl

## Creating graphical apps via wxPython

Example can be found in this repository. If it is required it can be detailed and tailored according to the needs.

# SQL access from Python

## SQLite 
This is already available from Python's default modules

## Server based databases (MariaDB/MySQL)
Details will be provided only if required.

# General information - not necessarily related to Python

## Source control and code management
if required
## Encodings, UTF-8, ISO8859-NNNNN etc
if required
## Binary files
if required
## Accessing web pages via urllib (available in python, not an external library)
if required
module urllib.request provides this functionality.
Full documentation can be found here: https://docs.python.org/3/library/urllib.request.html (See Examples)
## Other data structures in python
self study: dict, set etc https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/datastructures.html
This can be detailed if required.

Commit message:

Update extra.md - added json handling

00/extra.md, after:

# External Python libraries

External libraries provide additional functionality to python. Most of the time libraries are installed via pip

Example:
```
c:\Users\Downloads>pip install python-docx
Collecting python-docx
  Downloading python_docx-1.1.2-py3-none-any.whl.metadata (2.0 kB)
Collecting lxml>=3.1.0 (from python-docx)
  Downloading lxml-5.3.0-cp313-cp313-win_amd64.whl.metadata (3.9 kB)
Collecting typing-extensions>=4.9.0 (from python-docx)
  Downloading typing_extensions-4.12.2-py3-none-any.whl.metadata (3.0 kB)
Downloading python_docx-1.1.2-py3-none-any.whl (244 kB)
Downloading lxml-5.3.0-cp313-cp313-win_amd64.whl (3.8 MB)
   ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━ 3.8/3.8 MB 20.3 MB/s eta 0:00:00
Downloading typing_extensions-4.12.2-py3-none-any.whl (37 kB)
Installing collected packages: typing-extensions, lxml, python-docx
Successfully installed lxml-5.3.0 python-docx-1.1.2 typing-extensions-4.12.2

[notice] A new release of pip is available: 24.2 -> 24.3.1
[notice] To update, run: python.exe -m pip install --upgrade pip

c:\Users\Downloads>
```
## Handling xml input
to be documented

## Handling json input
to be documented

## Writing docx documents

self study: python-docx

## Writing excel spreadsheets

self study: openpyxl

## Creating graphical apps via wxPython

Example can be found in this repository. If it is required it can be detailed and tailored according to the needs.

# SQL access from Python

## SQLite 
This is already available from Python's default modules

## Server based databases (MariaDB/MySQL)
Details will be provided only if required.

# General information - not necessarily related to Python

## Source control and code management
if required
## Encodings, UTF-8, ISO8859-NNNNN etc
if required
## Binary files
if required
## Accessing web pages via urllib (available in python, not an external library)
if required
module urllib.request provides this functionality.
Full documentation can be found here: https://docs.python.org/3/library/urllib.request.html (See Examples)
## Other data structures in python
self study: dict, set etc https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/datastructures.html
This can be detailed if required.
